---
name: Game of Loans
blurb: Game of Loans is an application that provides its users with three key amenities: information, convenience and motivation. Users are encouraged and empowered to start paying off their loan principal and interest ahead of schedule, saving themselves time, interest, and headaches.
course: CS165a
semester: 2016 (Fall)
portfolio: https://gameofloans.github.io/
presentation: https://docs.google.com/a/brandeis.edu/presentation/d/1HN8yEEvJZJD36qZVmMR_Ol4MLOcpuNm5tsLVVncJ_Vk/edit?usp=sharing
image: http://i.imgur.com/p2JlHLr.png
---
#### Game of Loans
By using Game of Loans, students will be encouraged to pay off their loan principal and interest early in order to save themselves time and money. By paying off their loan principal and interest early, they can avoid paying more interest than they would have had to, saving them possibly years of being in debt. Students will also learn to be more financially responsible than they would become just by taking a class on it because they will be more engaged with the process and will be provided with a convenient way to access their loans. Furthermore, that also means that the financial institutions that provide students with their student loans will also have less students defaulting on their loans.

What Game of Loans functionally does is provide multiple features to help students manage their expenses and loans by providing them with extra incentive and motivation for doing so, all while making it convenient for them to pay it off. The gamefied aspect of the application provides motivation for students and is a game in the gamefied he vein of Temple Run, where users can play it and pay for in-app purchases that will go toward paying off their loans instead. A leaderboard is implemented in order to add to the overall gamefied feel of the application, and provides more incentive for students to compete with their peers. Next, it also provides users with information on their loans, detailing how much their monthly payments are, how much time it would take to pay them off, and how much time and interest they would save if they tweaked their behavior or made more or less payments. This would solve the lack of information about loans on the student side. Lastly, since students tend to prefer instant gratification, the app provides immediate feedback on how much time and interest they've saved via financial calculation, so they will be more inclined to pay off their loans while they can, instead of waiting until interest can accrue. They can feel more empowered in paying off their debt by tackling it in bite-sized, manageable chunks and thus be more motivated to so.
