---
name: AmIFull
blurb: AmIFull provides restaurants with real time data analysis about how many customers are in their store and how long they stay as well as if they are new customers or returning.
course: CS165a
semester: 2016 Fall
portfolio: amifull.com
presentation: https://docs.google.com/a/brandeis.edu/presentation/d/1HDz0NrkAB0Z9rUQsA81V0QLVtE_dC5h0UHa9abW9iII/edit?usp=sharing
image: https://drive.google.com/thumbnail?id=1i4PqgPhMX59-XEMGHruTpYpaqKVUut2d
---
### AmIFull
AmIFull provides essential customer insights for efficient resource allocation, while also  encouraging long-lasting
customer loyalty and satisfaction. Through the combination of unique software and hardware, we are able to analyze
behavioral patterns and customer flows. This opens up a whole new dimension of service improvement and experience
optimization.

Our sensors are placed above entryways, they use computer vision combined with algorithms and a powerful onboard processor to determine the direction and speed of any customer. These entrance analytics can gauge the effectiveness of
an ad campaign led by the business and can also collect useful data like traffic peaks, the amount of returning
customers, and the current occupation level. A business owner is therefore able to understand product performance across
different locations and manage its valuable resources more efficiently.
	Managers struggle to keep labor costs down and profits up. While it is tempting to cut staff to reduce costs, service
quality suffers when establishments are understaffed, and no manager wants to get caught short-handed. Overstaffing
drives up costs while understaffing means lost revenue and dissatisfied customers. Labor is the largest variable cost
for restaurants and scheduling is a complex process. This is where AmIFull comes into play to help managers control
these labor costs by scheduling the right amount of staff to serve demand. It approaches this issue by providing
business managers with a platform to access real time data analytics and reports of their business operations. This
reduces costs, increases revenue and drives profits by balancing demand with available labor, and accelerates the
process of providing managers the ability to quickly analyze and change recommendations as needed. AmIFull optimizes
staff performance by monitoring employee performance and ranking so you have speedy insights on how employees are
performing against the competition.
	The goal of AmIFull is to provide business owners and managers with an easy to use interface application to optimize
their staffing to save money and to promote greater customer satisfaction. The potential of AmIFull is based on the
power of big data and machine learning. As it continues to develops for more and more businesses, it will broaden its
potential applications and expand to a greater market than just restaurants.
